Clarify how dartdoc handles getters and setters with doc comments. (#2808)
dart-lang/site-www: src/_guides/language/effective-dart/documentation.md

int get checkedCount => ...
{% endprettify %}

> When you have a corresponding getter and setter with the same name, document
> only one of them. Dartdoc will merge them together and document them as if they
> are a single field. When it does that, if both the getter and setter have doc
> comments, it discards the setter's.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a property has both a getter and a setter, then create a doc comment for
only one of them. Dartdoc treats the getter and setter like a single field,
and if both the getter and the setter have doc comments, then
dartdoc discards the setter's doc comments.
```

Reviewer: My suggestions are an attempt to remove some possible ambiguity, and we (conforming to Google's style guide) also prefer present tense.
